Sync high-scores (#918)
exercism/php: exercises/practice/high-scores/.docs/instructions.append.md

> Hint: you'll want to look at [PHP property hooks][property_hooks].

Reviewer: Exercism's documentation about [`introduction.append.md`](https://exercism.org/docs/building/tracks/practice-exercises#h-file-docs-introduction-append-md) and [Markdown](https://exercism.org/docs/building/markdown/markdown#h-headings) say, that all file **must** start with a `# Heading`, even these are not shown. I personally don't care for that, but we should keep close to the Exercism rules.

We [have a special place for "hints"](https://exercism.org/docs/building/tracks/practice-exercises#h-file-docs-hints-md), so we should not call the possible use of a language construct a "hint". I'd suggest:

```suggestion
# Introduction append

For this exercise, you may want to look at [PHP property hooks][property_hooks].
```
